final changes in SCIM docs (#1758)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/sso-rbac/sso-providers/oidc/azure-ad.md

## SCIM Configuration (beta)

:::info

> Due to technical limitations, OIDC integrations does not directly support SCIM. You will be required to set up another application, which will be responsible for provisioning based on SCIM protocol. In order to grant the user access to Port, you will also need to assign the user to the application created in the guide above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to technical limitations, OIDC integrations do not directly support SCIM. You will be required to set up another application, which will be handle provisioning based on the SCIM protocol.

With SCIM in place, in order to grant the user access to Port, you will need to assign the user both the primary SSO application and to the SCIM application.
```

Reviewer: Since this block is re-used twice with the exact same text, turn it into an importable template like I did with the `ScimFunctionality` block
